You
I
Think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth no more in this society
We want everybody to feel good. That's not that's not the way life is
Let's check that right now. How is this sound that we lined up or not?
Talk to me goose if we're not lined up. We'll just start again
All good Arthur says good step says good we're out
This episode is sponsored by mink. That's moo plus link
This my point is that if if we were able to just like we're trying to get everybody to take the vaccine
If we had put that into getting everybody to take hypermectin and fluvoxamine for for a month
If we and if we could accomplish that then COVID would be wiped out
We could do it and actually any municipality that could regulate its borders could clear the disease if it could accomplish that
I believe
But you can tell if someone's you know you can sort of feel it and people
And I have lied I'm sure I don't want a lot. You know, I don't think I'm a liar
I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar
It's like really important not to be a liar
You
Three people with thyroid cancer sounds not good
It's not the kind of correlation we want to be having here, but I'm afraid this is the kind of truth
This is the only kind of truth that will save us people need to start having
Feeling pain
Somehow
If enough placebos were rolled out, we're always gonna have problems
So crazy like yeah, it's it's not good. This is so crazy
Nervous like what in the world man
Oh
Well, thank you very much for 35 people being here at
Another weekday it is Monday again. We are still working on dispelling the enchantment
For the first time you might be a skilled TV watcher
But I suspect most of the people who are here already are are at the top of this wave where we are staying focused on the biology
We aren't taking the bait on television and social media. We are loving our neighbors
As
You know the way this works is if people spread this around the new biology finds
people each week and that's how we grow our roots are at
Gigalombiological.com and also giga home.bio as well as screen dot giga home.bio where you can see it live and afterwards
And it's all provided by us here at giga home biological
We are completely supported by
Hello, well, hello
We are completely supported by viewers and viewers only there are a couple people who are responsible for having funded more than more than a year of our work
People like Greg James and Rodney Mullen and a few other people have donated very significant amounts of money to keep this
And it's the start of something really cool like an independent bright web that I think actually maybe
Jimmy Gore
Could in theory be a part of
I don't know if you're aware of why I was not on air last night, but my wife and I this this lovely person photographed
There 20 years ago. That's us 20 years ago
In the Brookfield Zoo
I have a friend who may still be a keeper there. I have to admit that I'm out of touch with him now
But at the time he was the only keeper in the world who would free swim with walruses during training
Keep in mind that that animal right there is about a thousand pounds and so if you have a thousand pound
Aquatic golden retriever bump into you between you and the wall
It can be a very dangerous position to be in there's lots of funny stories that he told us
That's why we got to make that photograph. We got to hold a penguin that day
I got attacked by octopus that day
I got to
Pet a dolphin in the middle of a dolphin show and like all the kids are like who the hell is this guy that gets to pet a dolphin?
It was a really cool day and one of the things we got to do look at all those people in the window back there
Thinking what in the hell are those people doing?
Getting to play with that walrus and then there's another walrus over there that keeper's got to keep that one busy while
This one was over here posing with us
Anyway, this is gigo and biological a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist that biologist is me
Jonathan Cooley United non-compliance is something we all need to start trying to understand
What does it really mean in the context of of our current scenario where there isn't too much to obviously?
Not comply with but in reality, there's a lot you can you can not comply with there's a lot
Going on at your school that you cannot comply with there's a lot going on at the barbecues and at at
basketball games that you cannot comply with and
Yeah, this is gigo and biological the safest way to get biology in your head. It is the 22nd of April
2024 how is that even possible?
We have been here for a while still fighting this conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the
masses which is how they got us to accept this pandemic as real and all the consequences of it
Being a result of you know, nobody's nobody's got anybody. Nobody's got any bad intentions. It's just how it happened
And that's how they got us to discard the principle of informed consent
Hello, my name is Jonathan Cooley. This is gigo and biological coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
We
Have a hypothesis that in
2020 a number of mass casualty events were staged around the world and used and misconstrued as evidence of impending doom
That a novel virus had just started to spread around the world. New York City was one of the key illusions
That was used as a sort of seating event where here if you can see my little tiny arrow there
That little slope right there was used to extrapolate that we were at the at the doorstep of impending doom and
they
Told this story using non-specific PCR tests that were actually rolled out on a very hot background and this hot background resulted in what
effectively was
The idea that wow we're finding it everywhere. We're finding it everywhere
in fact, wherever you look for it you found it because it was always there in the background a combination of
Always there in the background in non-specific tests
This enabled a larger percentage of all-cause mortality than ever before to be converted to a
National security threat in the form of not influenza, but a novel virus for which we were all
vulnerable and that story
That one particular line a novel virus for which we were all vulnerable with an unknown set of
Consequences for an unknown number of people was the mythology that allowed them to justify everything up and to and including the
Transfection the coercion of transfection the coercion of accepting
Transfection as a countermeasure
to this potential impending doom and I do think it's very possible that if they felt it was necessary in
Order to bamboozle academic science as a whole around the world. It is possible very easy
to seed PCR positivity in the form of a spike protein and end protein or an entire genome using DNA or RNA
Combinations there of recombinant technologies used to produce mass quantities of a signal that then would be misconstrued as
spread and
Because the goal is a total inversion of our
National sovereignty and also our individual sovereignty or sovereignty over our children that complete conversion
To us as experimental animals who are given permission to do things
Since that's the goal
Then a spectacular commitment to this lie is is what's required and it shouldn't be surprising to many of us
But it will be surprising to people joining the stream for the first time that we are actually
Working under the the hypothesis that that everyone is coordinated in their lying spectacularly committed to the lie
Because it is a national security situation. They understand that there will be dire consequences because
Interfering with or obstructing a national security operation would have very dire consequences
And of course we're all humans right and so as these people rushed into the fire in
2020 many of them ended up being co-opted by this national security event giving given two choices
You can either help us
Make sure that people take the worst-case scenario seriously
You can either help us and make sure that people comply with our edicts and our rules until we're ready for the next shift
Or we can give that job to somebody else
And so it's very likely that people like Peter McCullough and Pierre Corey and many other people were read in
To the situation in so far as they needed to know and given a set of talking points that they were
Required to stick to in order to make sure that they didn't encroach on
The operation that was going on in the background that was this national security thing
And I think once you start to see it this way
You can actually forgive a lot of these people for making two hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year as the head of a
doctor group or you can forgive them for for selling a book about Ivermectin and nothing else or a book about
Lab leak and nothing else
Before I do the the the study hall today with Judy Mikovitz's video from
2018 did I say 2008 in the description I did it should be 2018 so I'm gonna fix that
I'll do that post
But I wanted to make a couple
Mentions of some things that are going on in my world that I thought would be worth mentioning
The first thing is is that I've been making subtle
Remarks about my friend at the gym
As you may well be aware if you're a viewer here my boys and I have joined a basketball workout gym
so that they can work on their basketball and then if I get their membership then I get one kind of a free because I'm just a dad and
So I've been shooting around very consistently for the last 50 odd days or so
I think I've missed three days in the last 50 shooting around jumping rope this kind of thing
Getting in shape and I've been making friends with the guys that work there. There aren't that many guys that work there actually
It's really crazy. I got two stories for you
The first one is is that one of the guys that works there actually coaches high school where my kids go and my son will start next year
and it turns out that that dude played in the game where
Chris Weber like called the timeout and and played for North Carolina and like won a national championship and was a pro
For 16 years in Europe, which doesn't even make sense to me
And so this guy is now one of the managers there and gives you know shooting coaching lessons
And and is the high school coach at this high school that we're currently in that township up
So it's really exciting
House have found out that he might not be there anymore, which would kind of suck
But he's a nice guy. He invited me to work out with him and his friends
Downtown Pittsburgh during the week, which is also very flattering
I don't know if I'm gonna be able to swing that but it sounds really cool
And then the other guy working there the older guy actually has been a coach at more than 10 division one schools in his career
And as he characterized himself, there's probably nobody that spent more time in a gym than me
Really really nice guy
White hair
Short white hair, you know old white dude from somewhere. I don't know where
Real humble helps everybody gives a little lessons to kids
But also just you know when he comes walks past my kids and they're working out
He'll knock the ball out of their hand and tell them to protect the ball or he'll try to block their shot real sweet old guy
And last week I had to help him carry a ladder because he had to get to one of the the screens
That's above the shooting machines and it was a long heavy fiberglass ladder that opened up like this
So it's pretty heavy and me and another kid carried it for him because he couldn't even carry it with his one arm
And he last week he told me that he'd gotten a shingles shot and this week
Yesterday I was at the gym and and that gentleman was there again and when I was talking to him. He was he was like this
And I was like dude what's up with your neck and he said oh man, I know I
Don't know
And he was kind of hesitant. He says, you know, I'm not an anti-vaxxer
But I think last week I told you that I got a single shingles shot remember
I had to I had you help me carry that ladder. I said I definitely remember man
And he said well, it's gotten worse like I don't know I don't like I said
I'm not an anti-vaxxer, but it happened like immediately after the shot
I had this pain in my arm and it goes all the way up the back of my head and in my neck and
I'm thinking right away
Ossipital neuropathy. I'm thinking right away isn't that what people get from shingles like holy shit. So
It's it's extraordinary because
He's he's making apologies. He's telling his doctor this the doctor says nah, it's a stiff neck and gets him a chiropractor
recommends a chiropractor for this guy
He can't sleep he hasn't slept in three nights because when he lays down the pain is so unbearable and
I was I couldn't really
Process it all because I don't know what to say to him
You know because he's already airing on the side of caution that I might not understand that he's he's not an anti-vaxxer
But you know this can happen and he had to really walk on those eggshells afraid that I might be like, oh, you know
Of course I talked to him and told him who I was and what I had done and where I'd been as briefly as I could and
Now I don't have anything else really to say to him. What can I say to him?
He took a he didn't take shingrix. He took the other one, which is recombinant
It's recombinant virus, you know, it's weakened somehow
I don't know they got rid of some jeans or something. I have no idea
I haven't looked into it yet, but it's just terrible because he's got neuropathy now
And I know I'm not a doctor, but I know that neuropathy is not something you can just take vitamin C4
And so it terrifies me
I don't know if I'm gonna see that guy today when I go to the gym with my kids
I don't know if I'm gonna see him next month and
And will this ever go away from or is it gonna be a devastating thing that ruins this guy's life forever
He says to me at some point in the conversation
No, I never have reactions when I get these vaccines
And then I'm thinking holy shit
How many vaccines are they telling you to take when you go on the CDC website the CDC recommends everybody over 50 to take two shots of the singles
vaccine and
That's what they told him I
I
Think that you know quite frankly we should be telling all of our old people all of our friends everybody not to take any
Vaccines none new no they don't need new vaccines. They're old people. They should eat better take vitamin whatever, but not
Vaccines we've got to stop this nonsense. I
Did tell him I was an anti-vaxxer. I told him that I worked for one of the the top 12 anti-vaxxers for a while
Yeah, it was pretty funny
Pretty pretty funny conversation. Okay, so now Jimmy door
Guess who I saw yesterday?
I saw Jimmy door yesterday and I gave him a book
Robert can it Robert F. Kennedy's book and I had highlighted all the places where I was where I was
quoted I also put my phone number everything in there and I said in the inside of the cover I
Wrote we are being lied to by the people now riding white horses
we should talk and
I have little tabs in every place in the book where I'm found so that he can find me and it says that's me and stuff
I I ruined the book basically, but I used it as a business card
I talked to him very briefly here in this little meet-and-greet where there were like 10 people so it wasn't very long
I could have talked to him for longer
We also got to meet Steph and we took a picture with her after the show and I'm not really sure why I'm not wearing the t-shirt
But I will put it on
And so we didn't talk for very long. I just said hey I helped Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
Write this book you can see my name here. Here's my phone number, you know, we should talk and it was really cool
The guy who was selling the t-shirt said thanks for the book and then Steph on the way out took
I said took a picture with us on the way out and said thanks for the book
I don't know if they're gonna get back to me. I don't know what's gonna happen
but
That's as close as I can get to making some kind of
Penetration into this more mainstream media area
And it was really a great show. He took a lot of risks
I have to commend him for the amount of time he spent talking about how
angry he was about being lied to about the vaccine and and
Defending the people in the room, you know
He asked everybody to raise their hand if they had not taken the shot and a lot of people
I mean it's Pittsburgh right and it's a Jimmy Dorshow a lot of people raised their hand
But the people that didn't raise their hand he showed and spoke solidarity with them and said that you know
You shouldn't be ashamed of being fooled. They frickin lied and it was really wonderful the way that he said it now
There were caveats he he gave Robert Malone credit for having predicted that Omicron would be
Would be less or less severe and more mild
He's definitely convinced that there was a virus still right but he is very very
Advanced in terms of his understanding that they lie about everything and so I don't think it would be that far of a leap for him
To think that some of these people have lied about the biology
I don't think it would be very hard for him to take that leap at all. He ended his
So I'll tell you a first a funny story about Jimmy Dors
He made a joke
about
circumcision and
it was something to do with with cutting heads off and
People don't care if they cut this off or whatever and it being Jewish. I can't remember exactly, but then he said
And I'm not Jewish, but somehow I ended up circumcised and it just
Blurted it out from my table in the back and it was dead quiet. Everybody heard it
I said they needed it for cell culture and
his immediate response like right whip snap fast as it could be hey
Alex Jones is in the audience today ladies and gentlemen. Well welcome Alex and everybody laughed
I got a couple fist bumps from people around me. It was really cute
and he ended the stream with
They're lying to us to divide us. They tell us lies to divide us. They don't want us to become united
They don't want us to unite and we need to unite. We need to love our neighbor
We need to come together as one country. He said a lot of really cool things. He wants a revolution
He's be happy to be a leader of it. I
Do think that he's a good soul
I think he's a good guy and I just think that it's very easy to be in his position and not have the requisite
Knowledge to know whether somebody like Robert Malone really is a whistleblower or or or kind of a two-faced
You know insider and and I do think that that it's not impossible
Jimmy's been doing some great stuff with regard to RFK
He said I saw some people in the audience with some and and some people at the meet and greet that had
Kennedy shirts on gosh. I really like that guy. He's really cool. It's too bad
He's a fucking Zionist and it's sorry to swear. I was just quoting him
But he got really mad about it
He got really mad about Cornell West and really mad about Bernie Sanders and was a real
Well spread out, you know
I am very disappointed in how many people I have put my trust in and belief in that have let me down and I had a real I
Had the feeling that he was really working things out. He's real be an honest on stage. It's real
he's trying kind of to resurrect a little bit of the of the
Of the George Carlin stick, but it's a much more raw presentation. It's a guy who got screwed
He is not happy about having taken that shot. He's not happy about these people having gotten away with it
And I like he's he's angry in the right way because he's also really he's a whip. He's whip funny. I mean he was really good
He was really good and I really enjoyed it a lot. I know that fear the laughed a lot apparently
He's been doing comedy since before women had dicks that was his first joke
And I thought that at that point we were already lost like it was I was just laughing and the nice thing about it
Was is fearless and I had not been out on any kind of date without the kids
in
In memory
It's certainly the first time we've gone out like that
I think since covid and so it was a really nice dinner together and really nice time together and
The kids did really well while we were gone and and so overall was really great and who knows?
I mean, we planted a seed with Jimmy right and and that's all we can really hope to do
I hope that you agree with me that that's it couldn't have been better than that. I don't think
Basically I used the book in the worst way possible in their imagination, I guess
But yeah
Anyway
Judy McAvitt study hall cannabis sciences virtual event
I thought this was interesting because of the emphasis on
cannabinoids and the cannabinoid system with regard to immune regulation
And I thought it was very curious that somebody like Judy McAvitt's would present this at the cannabis sciences virtual event
In 2018 and since I haven't done very much work on Judy McAvitt's
I don't really have a good idea of what's going on with her
I thought this was also a really nice way for me to be able to plug
my friend's work
My friend mark usatonic so
Mark Koolack has a website called
usatonic ITS and if you go to his research page
Like this and you go all
Then you basically get to the A's and then you have this alphabet underneath here and you can look up anybody that he's
He's stored things on and so you know
You can find a page on Judy McAvitt's there and you can find a page on some of the people that have worked with her and and
And a long you know all the all the stuff is there. That's the nice thing about it
It's not a Wikipedia because a Wikipedia is pretty incomplete mark has taken a lot of these original sources and compiled them together
And so you can get a good idea of her her background there
And so I would like to encourage you to do that and also just to go back one step
There's also quite a bit on shingles vaccination with the CDC and one of the things that's there
You can find is occipital neurology, which is I think what my friend at the gym has
And you can find
Complications long term nerve pain nerve pain is the most common complications of shingles
So it terrifies me to think that this
Hossipital neurology that I think that my friend is now suffering from could be a long-term nerve pain problem
Which is just disgusting the CDC recommends two doses of recombinant zoster vaccine
To prevent shingles and related combinations in adults 50 years or older. I
Just think it's disgusting and I think that this lie needs to be put to rest
It just it frightens the heck out of me that we are we are doing this and that old people are in in the same
Situation that that really where did the maybe I didn't have it in that one. Sorry. Oh
Yeah, it's here
That old that old people are now in the same situation that a lot of young parents are in except about themselves young parents are often
You can characterize it as being bullied
Into accepting the vaccine schedule as it is and even if you ask to have a delayed a couple years you will be
given a lot of heck for that
Nevermind if you want to
abstain from participating in it and so
It's it's a real
It's really it's really a devastating place that we're in right now if we are coercing
And it's normal to coerce elderly or even older people 50 years old. I'm 50
I should take two of those things then right that's what they would say and that's just crazy talk
I mean I had chickenpox real bad when I was 13 years old. I ain't messing with that shit again
So there I'm swearing. I got a chill out. I got a cool out
But yeah, here we go. This is a study hall
And I am going to put the playback speed up to 1.5 until otherwise noted
and
Yeah, let's see what Judy mikovitch has got mikovitch has to say about these things cannabinoids as stem cell and immune therapy
It's interesting right that sounds pretty much like a catch-all
Like cannabinoids could be used for almost anything in future medicine
Which is a really exciting thing that might be some that might be a very good reason why some
But he might want to sequence cannabinoid genomes and work on variants
In cannabinoids, you know, like get in on the ground floor with regard to the genetics of canada cannabis
That might be a really good reason to get in on that
Get out of that action. So let's see what Judy's got to say about that
Action well everyone. I welcome to today's live broadcast cannabis as immunotherapy for 21st century acquired immune deficiencies presented by
Dr. Judy mikovitch founder and consultant at mark ink and director of cancer biology at epi gen x pharmaceuticals
I'm tz Valdez of lab roots and i'll be your moderator for today's event
We're delighted to bring you this educational web seminar presented by lab roots lab roots is the leading scientific social networking website and producer of educational virtual events and webinars
Before we begin. I want to remind you that this event is interactive
We encourage you to participate by submitting as many questions as you want at any time you want during the presentation
Just click on that ask a question box
Located on the far left of your screen and type the questions into the dropdown box that appears on that screen
We'll answer as many questions as we have time for at the end of the presentation
If you have any trouble seeing or hearing this presentation
Click on the help desk button located on the promotional board at the bottom center of your screen or use that ask a question and let us know
You're having a problem this presentation is educational and offers continuing education credits
Click on the continuing education credits tab located at the top right corner of your presentation window and follow the process to obtain those credits
Please join me now and welcoming our presenter dr. Mikovitz. I will now turn the presentation over
Welcome dr. Mikovitz. Thanks. Thanks so much. It's a delight to be here
And talk about a really exciting topic as far as therapeutic potential for some of the most devastating diseases of our time
And that's using cannabinoids
as stem cell therapy and immune therapy
So on that first slide
There that you see ahead of you you see some of those diseases you see cancers a lot of hormone
Sensitive cancers a lot of leukemia lymphoma
Bladder cancers. These are these are cancers that that tend to respond to immune therapy. We also consider autoimmune diseases
Lupus inflammatory bowel disease Crohn's disease polymyositis
Syndrome Biches disease and primary biliary cirrhosis
I think i'm already going to tap in here and suggest to you that this is already a list of
Distractions and misnomers which are describing potential
gene therapy side effects and vaccine side effects
And so what we're looking at here is a list of things that happens with no explanation for why
Nothing about the toxic environment and the toxic food that americans are given
Nothing about the toxic lifestyle or the toxic environmental pollution that americans are exposed to and definitely not the toxic vaccine
Schedule which i'm assuming in 2018
Judy mikovitz is still totally and completely against right because it's not that long ago
It's right before the pandemic. She must have been anti-vaccine already by now
A chronic liver disease in the cns we think of myalgic encephalomyelitis skull for syndrome autism spectrum disorders
ms parkinson's disease luke eric's disease
on to the diseases which are
Increasing in our world at
It really extraordinary rates due to the environmental toxins in our world and interestingly as as we've learned
only in the last two decades
that are
That are really diseases of the endo pinnabenoid system and and of stem cells where those toxins are
Are affecting our immune system and the regulation of our immune system in really profound ways. So on the next slide
On the next slide. I show a relatively recent paper review article
from progress in lipid research and what this
Review article talks about is is what we learned in in the early 90s the endo pinnabenoid system
And how it's actually critical for stem cell development
Really from the embryonic stem cell on and so what we're going to do today is we're going to talk about
how
The endo pinnabenoid system and the regulation of the endo pinnabenoid system is key to a healthy brain and a healthy immune system
First of all, I want to make sure that everybody understands that they're they are going to
confound
the endo pinnabenoid system with cannabinoids as often as possible and it is a broad
chemical family
And you shouldn't assume that endo pinnabenoid receptors are all stimulated by cannabinoids and blah blah blah
You shouldn't assume any of that
Even though they're not going and I suspect
She's not going to be very precise about this and in fact take advantage of that potential confusion
and allow you and her listeners to
Make as many of those assumptions as possible when she's talking about endo pinnabenoids
She's also
Implying because she's not saying it's not true implying that when you use cannabis that you can stimulate this
System as well and so that's to a certain extent that's true
But but you're missing the subtleties there of all the different
You know chemical subcompounds and all you know and the receptor subtypes and all this other stuff that they know very well
Individual people have studied these individual stories with individual mechanisms and so these are all
Compartmentally well understood but to now we're going to misconstrue them as some kind of new way for us to
You know sort of tap into the system as a whole and take advantage of something that we couldn't take advantage of before and I I think this
This is essentially what what this talk is going to be about trying to
Sell you on the idea that there is potent biologically
there is so much potential for
Cannabis produced cannabinoids to be designed
To be used as immune modulators. They don't intend to grow pot
They intend to use pot to to produce compounds that they can then identify and and synthetically synthesize
I have they have no intention of using
marijuana as a source
Like like to use it as medicine or
Consume it as medicine but to extract from it or to identify within it
Compounds that can be made synthetically to use as medicine. So it's very different
Couple things there anyway that are very different
I know this paper is open access. So it's available to a lot of the audience and I've adapted or taken figures directly from
This this paper and added some of our own as shown on slide three
So so I would challenge you to go to mark's website and look up at the bottom of her her page
Look up her resume because she does not have any problem getting employment
Okay, so
And and she doesn't not get good employment. It's not like she's worked at a basket robins because she can't be a scientist anymore
and so
There's a limited amount of
Suffering that she's had and certainly in this
In at this time in 2018. She's very gainfully employed from at least two different companies
So
And nevermind that also perhaps also advising investment firms, which appears also on her resume in various places
stem cell level
In the endocannabinoid system, there's really um cannabinoid receptor one and cannabinoid receptor two
You see here in the lower part of the screen. Those are shown as these channel like receptors
These are um deep protein coupled receptors
And so they have um they they cross the membrane say six or seven times
And the signal is occur and changes can occur in the loops and they have crossed off with many many
Coupled receptors for signaling both in the brain and in the immune system
What we've learned so a deep protein coupled receptor for those people who do not know
um, this is
What's that why didn't that work?
Oh, no, sorry. That was not the right one. Um
Yes, it is
It's definitely the right one. Why didn't that work? This is not on
Oh
It wasn't on um g protein coupled receptors are different than
a
a let's say an ionic receptor and ionophore or something that just opens and allows things in
um
So you might have
A couple different kinds of receptors just to think about things in general, right? There's receptors on the membrane
That for example might gate
The flow of things across the membrane
And so if they do that, they might have an agonist that binds to them and then these proteins will change configuration
to allow
like an ion to transfer from one side of the membrane to another but a g protein coupled receptor is actually a
a
A receptor that has a number of subunits on it
and there are g proteins are are these
Like cyclic amp is usually these the messenger that they use so when the agonist binds the receptor
Um, then a similar conformational change occurs, but then that allows
uh cyclic amp to be released and it's a very local signal
But that cyclic amp could open an ion channel
That allows something in just like this one like this one did it could it could open
That channel it could open many channels. It could also have downstream effects of causing
gene expression and all kinds of other things as essentially
Um a black box after the activation of g protein of a g protein coupled receptor
They would like to tell you the story cyclic amp etc, but it's a cascade
And so we don't have a very good idea of all the things that happen downstream from g protein coupled receptors
because these these actions after agonist binding can have different timescales and
Depending on the cell type can have very different ramifications depending on what happens after the initial activation here
um, so a g protein coupled receptors kind of cool because
Um, it could have a number of different effects on both a long a short-term effect could be
That sodium comes in through channels, but a long-term effect could be
Gene expression or actin skeleton remodeling or something like that
And that's very different than a receptor which is
Exclusively an ion channel opened and closed by the presence of the agonist or blocked by a toxin
Um
So that's interesting because if endocannabinoids are all g protein coupled receptors then even when we think we can activate them
We we would still be much farther from understanding the consequences of their activation because it is not only the acute direct
effects of ion
Transfer or or proton pumping or something like that
But rather it is downstream effects activated by cyclic amp and other second messengers inside of the cell
That result from the activation of the receptor
So it can can result in very very much bigger changes as well
So it's not to say that that this isn't significant. It's to say
That the complicated mechanisms that underlie the signaling of cannabinoid receptors
Cannot be underestimated and when she says it's a g protein coupled receptor
That's like the very very tip of the iceberg of that
Complexity most of which we can't really adequately characterize. I hope I said that well
Recently is the hematopoietic stem cell, which is the stem cell that's involved in your in the development of all of the lineages
In your blood shown on this slide. We're showing. I'm showing you the myeloid lineage. That's um
The megacariocytes the erythrocytes red blood cells mass cells myeloblast
On the right hand side. I the figure wasn't long enough for this slide
I just show also the base of field neutrophils eosinophils and critically the monocyte macrophage
Which we're going to talk a lot about today the myeloid cells
And and hematopoiesis of the myeloid cells. This is really your innate immune response your frontline defense from all of the toxins
Um in our environment in our world not just so see she's saying it too complicated
She wants you to the the myeloid cells the macrophages and the dendritic cells
The hematopoiesis of these cells. Why does she use the word hematopoiesis?
Why can't she just say that when these cells are in development hematopoiesis? Why not?
Do I not define it?
Again because I think this is a rehearsed
Very carefully chosen set of words to bamboozle to make sure
That if she lists all these words fast enough
There's no way that you're going to notice that common is spelled wrong in her in her slides
There's no way you're going to notice that that this is just uh
An overwhelming set of data designed to get you to accept the conclusion slide
Um, not just um environmental toxins, but including things like um viruses
Um our expertise is in retroviruses and our work at epigenetics is is all about how retroviruses change the expression of genes and not the dna
Or and including at the dna level, but primarily the expression of genes and this is one mechanisms how they cause diseases by so 2018
She's still working for epigenetics. I don't think that that's really in her resume that mark has on his website
I want to I want to look deeper into that, but this is 2018 and she's still talking like we
Epigenetics, which is again a company that looks at
Uh, epigenetic changes resulting in cancer and other other conditions. So, um, you're essentially dealing with somebody who is interested in sequencing everything
You're dealing with somebody who is using blood samples to look for bloodborne markers of
Of chronic fatigue syndrome for many many years
Not that dissimilar from looking for bloodborne markers of other diseases like that blonde lady with the dark hair
With the with the deep voice was doing before they before they discredited her as a fraud
Just saying
It's not like this is uh, obviously anti-vax talk where we're
Where she is fighting for us to not believe in in the public health system or to doubt tony fauci here
This is right now talking about how
Canabenoids regulate the essential developmental processes of all blood cells and the amion system
Disregulating, um, the, uh, hematopoietic stem cell and what you get is an accelerated aging
Where we see cancers in those auto immune and neuro immune diseases on the first slide in younger
I mean accelerated aging is what what
Walter chestnut has been going on about the spike protein was going to do for like four years now
and certainly going on and on about the transfections
advancing aging and destroying mitochondria and
And
It's in it's incredible that this is 2018
They're essentially seeding the narrative of the damage that will be done by the coming vaccine scheduled by coming counter measures by coming
genetic technologies
I don't understand
Who judy mikovitz is but I do know from mark's work
That it's hard to explain why the two people who came out and first published papers about her
Data likely being fraudulent are dead
It's weird that all of this stuff has to do with aids and vaccines. You could imagine a scenario
credit to mark
where
The xm rv story was actually going to be queued up teed up as a way of pivoting from
vaccine preparation to new methods like transfection
But
Unwitting non participating
Biologists in the field said hey, this looks like bullshit and the story had to be changed. It had to be dealt with
And now we have a different judy
And twin
Do you know the judy mikovitz just like jessica rose she has a twin too. It doesn't that eat didn't that meet
Not twins are cool younger populations
Driven by this somatopoietic stem cell. So what what this paper shows now is that in fact this cb2 endocannabinoid receptor
Is is involved in the development of essentially every lineage of the myeloid
Amatopoietic stem cell that it's involved in those diseases that I showed
On the on the first slide if you notice the asterisks on the first slide what we were looking at is diseases associated with activated
Macrophages activated micro glia cells in the brain. Um, so so now we know that there there's a primary disposition towards cb2 and the hematopoietic stem cell
And that dysregulation of of these responses in these myeloid progenitors
Is can be causal for these diseases and that we can reverse these diseases with
With phytocannabinoids and modulating our endogenous produced cannabinoids on the next slide. We see that
We continue to look at how the cb2 is associated with chronic inflammation of the nervous system
Which is somewhat paradoxical and because in fact from the mesenchymal stems
I'll shown on the left side of the slide. We see that the cb1 receptor that can have the canonical cannabinoid receptor number one
Another g protein link
signal its shown in blue and cb2 is shown in red for convenience is is actually
Controls the development of neurons. So then development of neurons the development of a dipocytes bat set
It's hard really to take this at face value
You have to I just want to help you to see what I see here
When somebody says that cannabinoid receptor one controls the development of neurons
What they really mean is that if you mess around with it you can mess around with neuronal development of course
She can't possibly mean that the development of neurons is controlled by a single receptor because that would be absurd
Yet just like a lot of academic biologists that are still
Not really teaching anybody including themselves the broad
Sacred biology in which they operate she is not helping you understand that this is obviously infinitely more
Complex than cannabinoid receptors controlling development
And
Yet they will continue to do this all biologists will continue to do it that are trained in this method of
Creating a very sharp and narrow question that is so sharp and narrow that it actually doesn't even
purport to validate the model that it purports to be a part of
And
So if you say that cannabinoid receptor one is involved in neuronal development
What do you really mean? Well, she's saying that the receptor expression goes up
Okay
Peripheration is stopped by cannabinoids one over here and differentiation occurs
So what can you increase differentiation? Is that stimulation required? Is it part of a suite of stimulations?
Most of which have not even been identified never been manipulated in an experimental setting
How many receptors are in neurons that we don't even have an even identified yet
Don't take this at its words understand that this is the opposite of presenting you
The complexity the irreducible complexity of the immune system the irreducible complexity of the development of the brain
To simplify
Down to cannabinoid receptors one and cannabinoid receptors two and how
Finding substances which can stimulate those two might be fun
Because of all this stuff that they're involved in
Bells, pre and besides and and bone formation
So that's somewhat paradoxical in thinking about that because if if I had on those slides cancers that metastasized to the bone
And are primarily bone cancers such as multiple myeloma
And in prostate cancer, which are two diseases in which bone formation is dysregulated
So you see there on the left hand side though. The proteol osteoblasts is regulated by cannabinoid receptor number one
and involved in in rankle is the receptor of
NF Kappa B activation of NF. I mean isn't the implication here that you know way too much cannabinoid useful
Will cause your your neurons to develop funny and your your bone resorption to go wrong and
All of this stuff to go haywire. Isn't that
Shouldn't that be the first question that's on your mind? How did all these hippies not just die?
If everything in the body that's interesting is regulated by endocannabinoid one or two
I
Hope you're starting to see now what's happening here how this is done in academia where you try to take
A story and conflate it to be the most important story to be told
And what it does from the perspective of getting money
What it does from the perspective of telling a story that's kind of I guess entertaining and singly focused
but in no way shape or form acknowledges never mind tries to
Pay any reverence to the irreducible complexity that all of these people are up against
Applebee ligand and NF Kappa B, which we'll discuss in a moment is really key to
Inflammatory responses and inflammation that drives
In fact the breakdown of the proteol osteoclasts
So what you see is you get osteoclasts favoring over osteoblasts that you're breaking down the bone progenitors
And you're actually getting bone resort of resorption
So we see in these cancers and in these diseases and of course osteoporosis in women of younger and younger ages driven by
You know, it's now it's still a theory
But driven by these interactions is the theory that we're working on in developing
Therapeutics two months and so the problem with this model is how the hell do you test it?
What kind of predictions does this model make? Are there predictions in the future that we can then verify using a measurement?
That's what broken science is all about exposing this nonsense for what it is
This is not a model and if it is a model, is it a model you intend to test?
Absolutely not it's a model you assume
Your experiments actually do not test this model
They're not verifying it and you're not using this model to make any predictions
You're collecting data to verify whether the parts of this model conform to data in the past
You never make any predictions and they will never make any predictions because that's not how
This kind of pseudoscience is done
Ontulate the topic of this discussion. So on the right on the in the middle of the slide you can see how
Red arrows blocking the the breakdown of the proteo osteo class and encouraging the build up and
Development and lineage commitment to the osteoblasts and the bone formation is is critical is driven by blocking the cb1 receptor blocking
And promoting I mean if this was done correctly you would drop these arrows in one at a time
And every time you drop the arrows in there would be a little bibliography that would scroll past saying that these are the flabs that tested this
And showed that mason chymal stem cells are inhibited by cb1 receptors
In certain conditions in certain and every one of these steps would need to be explained in such a way so that we could really evaluate to what extent
This part of this model cartoon is worth paying attention to holding in our mind or trying to mesh like a gear
With some of these other things so that we can start to get a working model of how this system works
But there's already 16 gears on this page and so no matter how good your your imagination is
I don't care if you're nickel at tesla. You can't test this model in your head. You just can't
And they can't test it with a simple experiment either using reductionist biological techniques. You can't do it
Tan side where a cb2
Is um is driving both it's directly activating the osteoplasts through a mechanism with the question mark
We still don't know because that cb2 receptor hasn't necessarily been identified
On that cell and and we have some ideas that we'll discuss in the next few slides
Um, and that's why the question mark for the top arrow at arrow
But we absolutely know when the cb1 receptor and cb2
Cross talk interacts where the weight of the balance is I show on the left hand side
It's not a honor off switch, but really a gradient
So I look at um the endocannabinoid system as a dimmer switch on the immune system
Really a master regulator at many different levels
But via the stem cell via the mesenchymal stem cell via the amount of poetics stem cell and how it's a gradient
So the more receptor that is expressed as it's up regulated the more you'll get the bad accumulation
We can also think in our society about how the bad accumulation of metabolism is changing in in our teenagers and our young adults
Um, you know through the dysregulation of this system. So one of the recent discoveries, um big discovery shown on the next slide
Um, so the dysregulation of the endocannabinoid system is also causing kids to get fat
Wow
Is that that question mark may be addressed in a paper by brian gardener in his colleagues
And that is that tetra hydro cannabinoid, which is the psychoactive t hc
In medical marijuana actually turns on cb2
Driving that g protein coupled receptor to breakdown atp
This is called purinergic signaling where where atp is broken down into cyclic amp
This activates the expression of a critical master regulator of chromatopoietic stem cells and stem cells in general
Known as transforming growth factor beta or t so see here
This is one of those cartoons where here you see a g protein coupled receptor
G protein is now decreasing cyclic amp so
Depending on the cell type depending on the context it can increase cyclic amp decrease cyclic amp
And then those signals can be can result in expression of different proteins
And so the the interesting thing about the cannabinoid system and indeed any g protein coupled system is that again
like a
A muscarinic receptor or a a muscarinic receptor is a subtype of a nicotinic receptor
Where acetylcholine can bind and there are two kinds of acetylcholine receptors in general
There's a nicotinic receptor, which is an ion channel and then a g protein coupled nicotinic receptor
I'm sorry muscarinic receptor and they call it a muscarinic receptor because it is blocked by muscarin now are stimulated by muscarin
So anyway, the point is is that depending on where those
those
G protein coupled receptors are
And on what neuron?
A muscarinic channel in some neurons could increase cyclic amp and increase
Nmda channels in the membrane. It could change the mobility of actin membrane in a spine
Um
There's lots of possibilities with again with a g protein coupled receptor and that's why I think it's interesting here to note
That every one of these receptors and every one of those contexts would need to be characterized in this way
And you would never have a definitive answer. Is this the only thing that happens when cb do the cb
cannabinoid receptor 2 in lymphocytes is stimulated
So again, we're really at the very very very
beginning of this whole thing
And understanding cannabinoid receptors and
cannabinoid receptor variants between people
All of this stuff is going to be important because cb
cannabinoid 2 receptor in you is different than me and so that's uh, this is this is all
Just
Any the other half of mark ink. It's my commits and resetting consulting here and and dr
Aseti
More than 25 years ago was the scientists who made the discovery that tgf beta acts on the stem cell as a
Bifunctional regulator of hematophoresis. That means it can go both ways
Tgf beta can be a really good general in in regulating immune responses
A good soldier or a bad general. So if if if if if a pathway is on tgf beta can turn it off
in as far as the immune system and if the pathway is off tgf beta
Turns it on so it has both autocrine back on itself back on the stem cell to maintain the stem cells
Thalness and paracrine to develop those effector lineages. I showed on that first slide
So critical critical regulator and here we have thc. That's you know been really outlawed
in our in our world for
More than 70 years and and it's critical so cannabinoid formulations without thc
Actually cannot regulate and cure diseases and in these therapies can be curative
But you really can't spell health care without thc. So it's thc dependent and we have to think about formulations
driving the cb2
Interestingly enough the psychoactive effects of thc are are mediated through
That cb1 receptor which I showed here on the last slide
So it's those neurons and um that are are driven by thc because of course there's cross talk between the two receptors
So so it's a it's a question of balance really but interestingly enough if we can develop and we're working to develop
cb2 agonists that don't interact with cb1 that block that interaction and then you don't have the psychotropic effect
um that is um
um such a problem with with using these therapeutically
Now that we can use them to still regulate the critical hematopoietic component
So the next slide I show in some
Respect that to go back to our first slide and think about what's causing
the autoimmune neuroimmune and and um acquired immune deficiencies of our time
Well, our expertise is in HIV aids and the reason I call these 21st century acquired immune deficiencies
Because of course there's not HIV in all of these diseases
But in every disease on the first slide where I showed an asterisk
There's a retroviral component and um and we won't go into retrovirus biology
But what we know is that in our treatment
So she's saying there's a viral component in all of those things which I think is definitely
definitely sketch
um and so it seems like the broad stick
of
Judy mikovitz is that there are more viruses than we are told
That are to be found in more places than we are told
Causing more pain and suffering than we are told
And she definitely doesn't question the existence of a novel virus that killed millions of people that millions more were saved from
That probably came from a laboratory that was doing gave a function
you see
And at the beginning of the pandemic before the pandemic even started before it was anybody anybody's radar
She was already out there
Telling us that there would be this new 21st century
acquired immune deficiency syndromes that don't all have aids viruses in them even though
A lot of the people that she's worked with have worked with the aids people
Like lots of papers with gallo
Directly connected to gallo
Remember that gallows
Like buddy muri gardener was robert melones postdoc supervisor. This is a weird
tiny little group of people
Connected through a tiny little group of connected people all connected to the same
Kind of parallel bullshit stories
I
Don't know the truth about hiv, but i'm pretty sure it's not a virus that came from bushmeat
Brett Weinstein
I don't know the story about polio vaccines, but i'm pretty sure it had a lot more to do with sanitation and
pesticides and stuff like that
And with regard to this talk
And the discussion of
21st century acquired immune deficiency syndromes that don't all include the aids virus. I think she's more or less seeding
She's seeding the narrative of flying aids remember that's what
Paul cottrell and those other people have been calling
Coronavirus, it's it's flying aids. It's an acquired immune deficiency syndrome
How many times have you heard it? They have been seeding the narrative of novel sources of an acquired immune
Deficiency system
Syndrome for a few years now so that long covid could be confounded with it
And so that covid could be confounded with it ladies and gentlemen
And they knew all along that they were seeding a narrative that would protect genetic vaccines
genetic
Genetic technologies they were they've been protecting them from the beginning and it takes a while
That's why this talk is from 2018
And
Not saying anything about the vaccine schedule of uh in the development of have actually curative therapies for hiv
Which dr. Said and I participated in at the national cancer institute in the 80s and in 90s those therapies
Included at some level cannabis and so this the the people that survived
And and and thrived with hiv were the ones that were using cannabinoids along with the anti retroviral therapies
Which we developed in our laboratory and of course because of the stigma and and the legal problems with using it that that really wasn't known
At that time and we've only recently known that
So what we knew about cannabinoids is that they were antiviral and they reduce inflammation
Because we see that blocking arrow on the right side so lps is uh lipopolysaccharide and it's on bacteria
So bacteria and polyic mimics an RNA virus infection
So RNA viruses are your flu viruses your
hiv your retroviruses
Your ebola your zika. These are all RNA viruses
So probably i see mimics the activation of these all RNA viruses
They're all RNA viruses and what do they have in common rna cannot pandemic
And yet she lists all the viruses that these people responded to they're all the same small little family of
Of outbreak specialists. Malone was on that list. She's on that list hat fills on that list
Meryl nasa's on that list all these people are involved in this little list
zika
ebola
Right. They're all in there somewhere complaining about that stuff at some point in time
And for decades already for decades already
When I was playing cyber ball
At at the at at at oakwood mall and and ochlear, I mean
These guys were already working on this
Making sure that this virology as a field would be just impenetrable
and
Undifferentiable from a from a program that was just outright testing biological technologies on its population
indistinguishable
From a biotechnology
National security priority that was looking for background signals
That could be used and misconstrued as spread
Characterizing background signals that they knew they were going to use
as spread
as evidence of
Even more viruses in the background than before
They all seem to have the basic same basic story here
Now we're talking again about something
and we're we're misconstruing the activation of the immune response by a bacterial protein
with the
the activation of the response to a virus and
Without without giving adequate explanation for why those two can be parallels
It's impressive
And then these pathways that that generate type 1 interferons which are
Curative for retroviruses almost all retroviruses and RNA viruses
Actually tend to block this type 1 interferon pathway and we use type 1 interferons interferon alpha interferon beta as immune therapy
In that disease I highlighted known as primary biliary cirrhosis
Which is actually associated with a retrovirus known as human beta retrovirus
So here we have and we know with HIV and hepatitis
That's another disease she says is associated with yet another virus
You see in various um liver diseases which are driven by um hepatitis B as a para retrovirus
That means it has components of retroviruses and DNA retroviruses
We use interferons as therapy. So here now we have
An cannabinoids which are able to drive block these pro inflammatory mediators, which are so important
For driving the disease process. It's the chronic inflammation and the chronic activation
Of the monocyte lineage of that myeloid lineage which we discussed and we'll discuss a little a lot more today
That is driving the disease processed in HIV associated dementias
Um, we knew it had nothing to do with virus copy numbers. So
Patients who were on anti retroviral therapy and had
Non-detectable levels of HIV
Still had a dementia and could develop diseases that look like early Alzheimer's disease that look like park and cineans
And multiple sclerosis diseases and those are diseases that have all been associated
But you don't need expression in the virus and it's the idea that we're driving these inflammatory mediators and and stopping the
Interferon responses in in that way and this is where right in the middle of it
The cannabinoids modulating that cb2 receptor are critical and actually curative if you drive it in the other direction
So the next slide shows you a little bit more of that neural protection
So we've talked about cannabinoids either phyto or endogenous those made by your body
Being actually neuroprotective so therapeutics where you drive the neural protection through those
Central mediators, but I show here in this slide critically. There are antioxidant cannabinoids and I show in the on the left hand side
it's going through a factor known as um
A rithroid factor to the nuclear rithroid factor to and that factor is is a key pathway
It's a transcription factor in a pathway that is really key to sleep
As you see it it drives the production
It's upstream of the production of superoxide dismutase, which is a key liver enzyme for
detoxing at the level of the liver and in
Mutations and alterations genetically and epigenetically
Silencing sod is critical to the development of Lou Gehrig's disease
So these are the familial als and parkinsonians disease have a have a problem with making enough
Superoxide dismutase or have dysfunctional enzyme at that level. So these antioxidant cannabinoids
Actually, don't signal through cv1 or cv2 and we're unsure of what that of what the cross talk is and what the receptors are
But no matter because they're lipid mediators and your membrane is shown here as lipid bilayers
They go right through these lipids um cannabinoids or lipids and they go right through they stimulate and are up to
Increase superoxide dismutase synthesis and decrease these
Dounding brain damaging reactive oxygen and reactive nitrogen species
So we all know about the antioxidants and so pro oxidation and oxidative stress
It's known as is a key contributor to every disease on that first slide and particularly the neurological diseases. So it is those
It's it's these pathways here
That are really important for
Turn off animals
Are critically important for neural protection and neural inflammatory diseases
So we can see the intersection right at that level for for the neural protection
We also see introduced on the left hand side that the
Not endogenous cannabinoids and cv1 agonists whether they be phyto cannabinoids other terpenes or synthetic
um cv1 modulators are important for regulating brain derived neurotropic factor
That's really a key neurotropic factor for developing new the development of new neurons
So we the the key discovery here in the last um two decades since the um since the endogenous cannabinoid system
Was discovered that we actually make and respond to cannabinoid molecules and they're critical to all of our development of both the brain and
The immune system we can actually develop new brain cells
We can actually drive through cv1 agonist and endogenous cannabinoids
Neurogenesis, so that's really key to any of the diseases I showed like ALS
Multiple sclerosis the demyelating diseases this actually shows the capacity to remyelinate to form
New neurons and and and so far i'm not hearing a lot of downsides about weed, but
You know, I'm not hearing a lot either. I mean it's a lot of word salad
But there's lots of good things about stimulating the cannabinoid system
Um, I don't think I disagree but again in general, right? We're talking about a very complex system. That's why
you know
Teenagers and young people that use extremely strong marijuana that are
Already susceptible to depression or skits of Renee or any of these other conditions that we don't know very much about
You can tip over into that attractor state
And so when you when you
You know, you make all these different claims about what's going on. These are just a very small tiny part
Right, it's the tip of the iceberg of what this system does and how it works and
How local versus systemic this signaling is and and what is affected by regular
Cannabis use and how the body remodels those receptors remodels their expression in order to
Tolerate or compensate for that being present in the system. So again
We're talking about a million variables that are personal
And we're simplifying down to a few arrows and a few pluses and minuses or reds and blue arrows up and down
And the only real argument she's making is that
Canabinoids are interesting because they're everywhere the receptors are everywhere
They're involved in development and the immune system and the brain and everything that we are we think is important
They're ubiquitous throughout the body. So what great that's interesting, but
Again selling it as though this is the new be all end all is what I find most intriguing
Really be cured of therapies for things even like autism spectrum disorders, um, which are
In this family of myaltic encephalomyelitis that's inflammation of the brain and the muscles and adults
They call it ME CFS and in in children
They they end up with autism spectrum disorders
But they're in the same they have the same types of immune disorders that an AIDS patient would have even in the absence of the virus
Indicating other toxins going on so they're key to neural protection by cb1 driven endocannabinoids and phytopanhabinoids
Right in the middle you see the intersection between the immune system
and
And the uh the brain and the immune system in the brain are really connected
From conception and we and we know this now and the immune system is the brain is not what we used to consider
immune privilege by immune privilege
We means that you could have an inflammation of an antigen and it would not stimulate an inflammatory response
That's simply not true
Because the microglia
Traffics the brain that means it starts in the bone marrow and those myeloid cells that I showed
I'm that the first few slides and the brain derived monocyte macrophage is trafficked by
Molecules known as chemokines those molecules known as chemokines are also regulated epigenetically that means
At the expression level so while you can inherit changes in that
Toxins in our environment like aluminum like mercury some of the things that they're shown to be so heavily associated with the development of
Alzheimer's diseases those those and and autism spectrum disorders are that that pathogenesis is
Hypothesized and and now more and more data support to be driven by activated microglia
So you see the microglia is at the interface because they express both cb2
um
cannabinoid receptor number two
And they cross talk they talk all day to the astraglia and the the astrocytes and the astraglia are important in glioblastoma the brain cancers
We all um, you know, know of the upregulation and so really what we're listening to here is that endocannabinoid receptors are everywhere
They're involved in a lot of things because they are everywhere
And they can have some effect in an experimental setting on a lot of different things
They can be shown to be
Related to a lot of different systems again because they're g protein coupled receptors
They can play a role in a lot of different systems and can be a a system wide regulator of things depending on how that that local circuit is organized
But all these arrows pointing to neural protection all these arrows pointing to
Regulation of the immune system is just making the argument to
Look at cannabis as a plant
To look at cannabis as a species
To start dissecting its genome and start looking for
candidate compounds that the pharmaceutical companies can synthetically make and use in these treatments
Increase of the of the brain cancers the glioblastoma is in in our world
And and it's it's proposed that cannabinoids and in fact really shown therapeutically
That they can be not only helpful, but in this slide actually curative for these devastating brain cancers that
That that killed vice president biden joe biden son a few years ago
So crit it critical in thinking about therapeutic
Opportunities where the micro glia by simply deactivating so it's the activated micro glia
That is pathogenic because it releases that inflammatory nf cafe
In that it releases the way way way way what this is 2018. Why did she say president biden son
Did she say president biden son what in the hell wait?
Is that right?
What the full and thinking about therapeutic opportunities where the micro glia by simply deactivating
So it's the activated micro glia that is pathogenic because it releases that inflammatory nf cafe
In that it releases the activity pro inflammatory cytokines that reactivized oxygen and nitrogen species
And really is driving the the breakdown so you want that cannabinoid receptor 2 through dgf beta through
Thc to down regulate as we saw in the last slide to down regulate and actually allow cb1 to drive neural protection
So
The metabolic um substrates and the anti
Undiant inflammatory tdf beta are really critical to it
And it's this cross talk between the micro glia and the astraglia and the expression of both and probably through antioxidant in other
Non-canonical cannabinoid receptors that modulate all of these processes non-canonical
A non-canonical cannabinoid receptors are ones that they haven't identified and characterized yet
See what we're talking about here. She's talking about cb1 and cb2, but then they're all non-canonical cannabinoid receptors
How many of those are there Judy?
The excitement is there for for all of us that um, um, that we we've probably uncovered a key therapeutic entity that can
Um, that can actually cure some of the most devastating diseases of our time
Um, the next slide shows even further to that
Um, now they're being detected that they're actually cb1 receptors
On the
Mykandria
So in on the astrocyte, I we blew up in in a paper that I've referenced
Somewhere in here. I'll make sure I put the reference on paper. Um, but this is a january 2018 paper in the journal of neuro
um, psychopharmacology
And this paper talks about the the title of it is
um, cb1 receptors from ubiquity to specificity
So cb1 receptors in the endocannabinoid system they're expressed on essentially every cell
In the body and every tissue and in every disease from cardiovascular disease to lung disease could be a part of those
um neurons, um and and communications with the astrocytes
Being dysregulated you see here the little um, G protein coupled receptor
So they say they signaling through these G protein coupled receptors and the astrocyte there and the brain
Um, we actually see these receptors
um
not only on the neuron and that the synaptic cleft driving um in the endogenous cannabinoid signaling
For for neurological increase in apps and synapse
This is driving all neurons
So when we think about these
fasticity diseases that that I talked about with ALS and and multiple sclerosis
um, uh, lugere
Parkinson's disease the fasciculations the um, the the seizures in the children with autism spectrum
Disorders, it's these receptors that are being dysregulated the psychoses even the psychoses
We see in young people who have dysregulated cb1 receptors. In fact, it's the it's the um, the agonist of the cb2
Um, the thc that could actually stop the psychoses rather than driving the addiction as we think
So here we have the communication between the neurons expressing
Cross-talking receptors and the astrocytes and the calcium signaling that that is discussed in the ion channels
And we show now the next point that the cannabinoids are actually there if we blow up in that
um
In that neuron the brain the heart and the muscles have the most mitochondria
So this is because that's the energy powerhouses of of of your entire body with that without the mitochondria
um, with the respiratory chain leading to 36 ATP versus two
You can think about all of these diseases myaltic encephalomyelitis
Um, is is inflammation of the brain and the muscles and it's long been been known to be a mitochondrial disease
Um, and and now we can start begin to understand
Um, that the cannabinoid signal through mitochondria right in the right hand slide. You see the mitochondria
Actually has a mitochondrial cb1 signal
So that so that you could actually generate
Energy and and and read restore energy at the level of really restoring function and and these are the mitochondrial disease
See wherever she finds a mitochondrial, uh, sorry wherever she finds a cannabinoid receptor
Then she makes a story up about what you could potentially do with a cannabinoid that targeted that
So now she's going to tell you that you could generate energy with cannabinoids you can you can be
Protecting of neurons in five different ways because they're they're there and they're there and they're there and they're here and they're there and they
They cause blood cells to differentiate into myeloid cells and they just you know it this kind of
This kind of throwing a net over something
Like a cannabinoid receptor and then claiming all of its
relevance based on where it's found
Is something that almost everyone in biology does when they have a pet receptor or a pet ion channel
If you study calcium gated potassium channels and you notice that they're in every neuron
That their expression changes during development that they're also found in cardiac neurons that they're also found in cardiac muscle
That they're also found in all these places and then you can start to say that's that calcium
Gated sodium channels are sorry calcium gated potassium channels are the most important
channels
In the whole body because they regulate neuronal function
They regulate action potential half width they regulate and I could go on and on and on and on and on
And then I can make a long argument about how conotoxins and and appamen from bees
Are two things that interact with sk channels and we should look for more drugs that act with sk channels because sk channels are everywhere
And it's no different than saying that well, we think we found some cannabinoid receptors subtypes on the mitochondria
So obviously we can generate energy with it's just ridiculous
But
This is exactly how academic biology has been broken
Because there is an impetus to to use this technique
That gets you grants that makes you untouchable in this really narrow
Fine band of understanding that no other academic can really encroach on because they don't study the cannabinoids that she does
They don't study it at the level that she does they're they're not looking to modulate the things that she's looking to modulate
And she doesn't they work for different companies. That's all
These are devastated where children actually die before
They're a few years old if they have a primary deficiency in any one of the chains of the mitochondria
Respiratory chain in in any of these that that leads to certain death because you can't feel your brain
Your heart or your muscles if you can't generate enough energy
So here the cannabinoids are are even a key to the respiratory transport chain
And there's that reference for that paper in neuropsycho pharmacology, but there's a question mark in the
Cartoon for a discussion like this is we start to really dig into seeing it's a question mark
Homeostasis that's a balance in our energy
In in some of these devastating diseases of an inability to it's really an inability to fuel the brain and the heart
So it's it's now energy
It has nothing to do with misfolded proteins or any of the other stuff that we're supposed to pay attention to in those diseases
Don't you see how cool this is?
Some of those diseases have misfolded proteins in them and we're not even close to talking about that yet
They haven't even come close. You see it
Remember there's misfolded proteins in frickin cancer
Don't you remember the lady from mit that we just watched a couple days ago
She told us that these heat shock proteins
Our vital responses in cancer and that cancer
It happens because there's some misfolding stuff
She works on cancer
She worked at the national cancer institute for many a year. I don't hear anything about protein misfolding right now
She's talking about all kinds of
Cognitive developmental disorders that have protein mis I'm not hearing anything. It's just all cannabinoid receptors
That is how academic biology has been broken ladies and gentlemen
And the muscles at the same time because of of defects and pathogens on most viruses
Will take out the mitochondria because they need the energy as well. So I show schematically on the next slide
All of the ways that phyto cannabinoid so we've been talking about just our endogenous cannabinoids
Which we which we produce on our own throughout our lifetime, but as toxins further and further
dysregulate
Our immune system in our endocannabinoid system because we haven't had plant sources
Of cannabinoids whether it be hemp which has been outlawed since the 1930s
Is from cannabis sativa
And and the th she containing
Medical marijuana. It's called they're all cannabis sativa or in the car the main major strains because that's been out of our diet
Out of our world and the toxins that dysregulate the machinery that so now we need to eat
Cannabinoids we need to ingest them because our body can't make them what is going on here
That's a very interesting statement now, isn't it?
Wow, I'm I'm and there they are all timers Parkinson's those are all
Those are all misfolding disorders at least according to some academic biologists with a certain narrow point of view about them
She thinks it's more related to endocannabinoid dysregulation of energy consumption and fueling the brain or whatever she said
Maybe microglia responses being regulated by endocannabinoid receptors
Amazing talk just shown you on the past few slides have been increasing in our world and we really have
No response no therapeutic entity to simulate
The phyto cannabinoids are are ones that have been used historically more than 14,000 years
To to really mitigate and prevent the progression and development of these diseases
So they mitigate neuro trauma ischemia is loss of oxidants
So we talked about those reactive oxygen species and driving
Oxidative stress starving off tissue. So ischemia is the problem in stroke major depressive disorders Alzheimer's disease. It's um
Everything we've talked about in the last few slides are are interacting from that
neuron where the immune cells the microglia the oligodendrocyte and the astrocyte are communicating
Viya the cytokines chemokines growth factors
Neuro transmitters like nrf2 and and neuro hormones like for instance vitamin D critical
So these all of these things go to disrupt the balance we call it the homeostasis at the at the level of the brain
And and this is what's driving. So if we can take phyto cannabinoids from plants
We can dampen that tissue injury we can prevent the progression of diseases
And in fact, as we saw a few slides ago, we could um, we could target neurogenesis once we once we've stopped the issue
So essentially she's saying that none of these diseases have to do with diet
None of these diseases have to do with environmental toxins
They have to do with our lack of phyto
cannabinoids and not using these and eating these plants anymore or something like that
I'm assuming that there are other plants that have phyto cannabinoids besides marijuana
um
What an interesting talk
And actually regenerate healthy neurons and neurological um function and and you know, literally, um cure these diseases
Um, and cure these diseases
scientific opinion
Um, as as slide as the next slide shows
It's really the tissue macrophage that is driving all of these processes. We've talked about micro glia
Um, and and that's the brain macrophage. Well, the keratinocyte
Let's stop here and just marvel at the number of macrophages there are
Number marvel at the macrophage diversity that no one ever acknowledges at all
Is the skin macrophage so we think of all of the uh, we think of all the skin diseases and that we see um, the very
Devastating skin diseases that that could in fact, um, be be regulated by a cannabinoids via, um, the the cb2 receptor
That that we show thc the psychoactive thc actually acts to drive, um, the various macrophages
So each different organ system from the lung alveolar macrophage. So here we can use cannabinoids for
Lung cancer as part of immune therapy in in our world. We've developed we developed, um, drugs at the national cancer institute
And through various pharmaceutical companies like epigenetics, um, for the last 30 or 40 years getting old here
But but you can you can target in copd the alveolar macrophage
So we can think of all the allergens and microorganisms that are that are driving more and more copd
Which is, um, chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases. Um, we look at the liver cup for cells
So this is the cell that's critical to hepatitis c hepatitis b
Um, hbrb and primary billery cirrhosis cirrhosis of the liver. We think of fatty liver disease
I, um, I think, um of all of the um, stories. I've been reading, uh, in the in the journals lately
It's the huge incidence in fatty liver diseases
In people under 50 whether it be men or women
And I showed you that the dipisite slide in the in the fat progenitor
So if you're driving the cb1 because of toxins because you don't have enough cb2
Driving the monocyte macrophage then you can see how all of the diseases and then some that I put
See you don't have enough cbd
Do you don't have enough cannabinoids driving the cb2 receptor? It is exactly this kind of ridiculous
Simplification reductionist biology that has contaminated and destroyed our academic biological fields our medical science
And this is just a use of that technique
To present the primacy of the cb1 and cb2 receptors to make an argument that these are a new kind of
Of receptor to target a new novel idea
Um, that's just gaining traction that has all kinds of applications in the future
For the coming 21st century of acquired immune deficiency syndromes, you know like flying aids
on that on that first introductory slide
Could be mitigated at some level by the right combination of
Fido cannabinoids now from plants because of course our endogenous ones simply aren't enough to overcome
Um, what is already not enough process because we've been without them. We don't have enough last time
Most people experience the endogenous cannabinoids is during breastfeeding
Because that's when mom is elaborating and producing many of them through the milk and babies getting that calming pain free
Learn to suckle and mom and baby or go. That's the last time
That's the last time we've had endocannabinoids is when we were breastfeeding
Wow, that's a weird statement our brain makes them all the time
Where does she think they come from idea of of joy anandamide one of the key
Endogenous cannabinoids anandamide is sanskrit meaning joy
So the cannabinoid system could be seen as joy pain free happy stress-free living and you can see at every level
The macropage that cb2
Endogenous
Babies are broken
Not in a like over, you know, I don't want to be overly dramatic but there is no question
That breastfeeding if it can be done without pain and suffering by the mom
Breastfeeding is so far beyond superior to anything else that should never be considered to be dropped
There should be a full-time effort by the husband and the wife over many days to make that work
with the help of a
anyone
And that should be given up at the very last resort and I don't I don't think everybody's going to be really happy hearing me say that
But i'm saying it as I defend my my
best friend
For maybe the only reason why our daughter who's had the entire goddamn schedule since we got here in america
Is not damaged as much as she could be
Is because my wife had the wherewithal to breastfeed her until she was almost five years old
Now our middle son was actually treated very differently
But our middle son was grow grew up in with his toddler years in the netherland
So he didn't have the same kind of assault on his immune system that my daughter did here
But oh my gosh
If there is anything that bonds a woman with a child that is breastfeeding
And
Just talking about missing out on that can make my wife break down in tears
I think she considers these some of the most important moments of her life
And I think that every day that she think that she's asked to think about it. She thinks maybe she would want another child
That's how beautiful it is
And
It is impossible as a man to understand the kinds of things that a woman goes through
From the moment of conception until a child leaves the house
And no matter what you want to think of yourself as a father, there's no way that you can possibly understand we can possibly understand
What it will means to carry a child to give birth to a child to breastfeed a child
And the idea that we would
Abbreviate that process or punctuate that process in any way
It's just it's an abomination ladies and gentlemen. It's an abomination
And so I don't know what she's talking about here with endocannabinoids and breastfeeding
But I am pretty sure that your brain makes endocannabinoids all the time there necessary they're there
But they are a modulator they play a role in the background like all the other instruments in a symphony does
And if you take the piccolo out of the symphony, you can still recognize the song and it still goes and everybody can make it to the coda
But there will be something missing and with cannabinoid receptors. This is a yet another knob to turn
It's another
Slider on the equalizer, but it's not the be-all end-all that
Decides whether macrophages are working or whether they're sitting in the corner
It's not the difference between well, my kid's brain is developing or it's not developing or my kids
Got skits if any or it doesn't have skits if any because he doesn't have enough cannabinoids in his brain
I guess we better give him some more
Abenoid key to the development of the hematopaedic poetics stem cell is could be modulated in a in a way by cannabinoids
In a positive way rather than a damaging way with the bone resorption here at the bottom of the screen
some chronic um
the
IBD the inflammatory bio disease and Crohn's disease at the level of the
Intestinal macrophages. So so many of these diseases by gently modulating the macrophages at the level of the mild
So rather than take care of the result the pathogenic state whatever poison you have
What other
Environmental toxin you're exposed to or whatever other thing was dysregulated
Let's just give them a substance which fixes that they're not on the right medication is the answer here
People aren't on the right medications
We need to get new medications to these people so we can cure their problems
Rather than going to the root cause which would be real health and well-being right
That's health and wellness. This is not medicine. This is pharmaceuticals
Once you see it you can't unsee it. I think this is this was the best thing
We could have done with Judy
But stem cell could actually be curative by looking at in these ways
I highlight the cross talk in in the next slide
To show you the pairing so cross talk of receptor. So opioid receptors are also a little deep
But that's the great this is the perfect slide for which to do this right? So what happens? How do they target this?
How do they get the serotonin receptors to be hit or the dopamine receptors to be hit
And modulated by the cv1 stimulation, but not the orexin receptors or the chemokine receptors
How do they manage to do that?
Put a tag on it
Electropyrated in the right places. Come on guys. You can see it Pamela sees it
Link receptors there to these channels
I show you cv1 and that cross talk doesn't only have to happen between the cv1 and cv2
It can happen through these to these opioid receptors
So anxiety and depression and chronic diseases anxieties a type of pain. It's called it's a no-siception
It's a different idea when we think of anxiety. So that's simply using cv1
Rich and targeting agonists and preparations of cannabinoids can actually
lead to tolerance and brain blocking pain blocking effects of opiate so it could actually reduce our opioid addiction
And so again, we're talking about could
Maybe because this receptor is there and that receptor is there and these things are involved in that
We might be able to use this thing to do stuff
And this is exactly how academic biology is broken because that's how they all talk
That's how they always talk at the end of their talk. How many things can I catch with my net?
Holy
Cannabis, you know, and this is this is where understanding of biology and biochemistry helps us to break down these cultural walls that says oh no
Cannabis is addictive and we can't have THC
Well, as long as you prevent THC from signaling cv1 you won't get this psychoactive effects
And we can do that because we can just build a stronger magnet
Then THC to block those effects with that that happens now
See so what she's actually suggesting is is that in order to get this right we're going to have to have a THC receptor one blocker
Put in your brain so you don't get high and then we'll we'll we'll use a different one that the oh my gosh
It's just disturbing how
Ridiculous she sounds not only do you have no way of targeting any of these specific targets with your
Hit cv1 receptor and every one of these pictures. So how is it specific?
And then you're going to block specific cv2 receptors or cv1 receptors in the brain to get the cv2 receptors
it's just all
It's all hot air actually through
Blockers of various immune molecules like inflammatory cytokine
IL-1 which is central to many diseases of pain as an IL-1 receptor and hagginess
So it actually is expressed in high levels IL-1 RA to block IL-1 once IL-1's job is done
So that you don't overdo it and cause these addictions so on to depression and anxiety
We think of serotonin receptors so soo spider billions of dollars are spent spinning wheels like this
billions of dollars in grants are given to people who can talk exactly like this about a million different
subjects of a tiny little flimsy part of some story
And there are there are actually hundreds and hundreds of g protein coupled receptors that people are interested in
Hundreds and hundreds of ionic receptors that people are interested in
And it's it's each one of those can tell the same story
I wasn't joking when I was saying that calcium
small conductance
Calcium activated potassium channels are one of many
different subtypes of potassium channels
Potassium channel biophysicists are very firm in their belief that potassium channels because they turn off
the action potential because they reset the membrane of neurons and all electrical
membrane
in the body
The potassium channels are the most important things to regulate
They're the most important things to target
They're the most important things that conduct the timing of the symphony
And you can hear all of these people over many decades talking about how
Primal they are to brain function even though they are a very tiny
Channel that produces a very tiny amount of current only in response to the presence of calcium
And so only at when synapses are learning which is also really reason why everybody's so interested in them for a long time
And she's doing exactly the same thing with cannabinoids right now
With regard to the brain and the immune system and inflammation and all of the major
Acquired immune deficiencies of the 21st century. It's an incredible
Talk so here again. This is where a therapeutic opportunity exists
With with these memory impairments and these these diseases of serotonin
receptors, which of course serotonin and dopamine receptors are key to Parkinson's disease
And and a number of other
You know, literally untreatable diseases at least thought of and until very recently Huntington's disease
Is these adenosine receptors which are highly immune suppressive and and this is again
It's usually a familial disease by a problem with the a2a receptors the adenosine receptors
Where if you can come in here and have some cross talk in agonists of cb1 and up regulate you can ameliorate
You can lessen the damage
Of that genetic disease and stop the expression. So in in epigenetic worlds. It's it's the expression of the diseases
Not not the genetic component which which are these familial diseases. So Huntington's disease runs in families
But you don't have to die and you don't have to progress if you think of curative therapies
Via modulating cb1
You know finally at the bottom of the screen we have
The chemokine receptors. Um, so the chemokine receptors are the trafficking molecules
There what takes those blood monocytes to the brain
So if you can down module there what takes cancer cells and leads to tumor metastasis
If a prostate canter or any other cancer doesn't metastasize to the bone doesn't spread to the bone
Via the trafficking molecule that takes them along by the hand and takes them to the place where they can live and thrive
Then you don't die of cancer if you stop see that's weird
She's talking about chemokines as if they deliver things that I don't think they do
I think chemokines are are a concentration gradient signal
And immune cells
Will migrate
Based on the concentration of chemokines and follow the concentration gradient to the source
Which is a very different set of biological mechanisms and circumstances than a
Something that takes things somewhere or delivers them places
Which that's I don't think chemokine receptors do that
It's so weird
To the bone via the trafficking molecule that takes them along by the hand and takes them to the place where they can live and thrive
Then you don't they do not get taken along by the hand. This is not this is wrong
I I don't I don't know why we're die of cancer if you stop them metastasis
And we have any number of drugs we've made over the last few years like andeogenesis inhibitors to stop cancer
Spread because then you can you can live with it and and not die of it. So the next slide
Highlights that that very cross talk idea when we talk about the pure allergic receptors. So purines
Are our molecules like caffeine is a purine adenosine
Guanine we have purines and perimeters that make up the base pairs of our DNA
So in this open pain journal from 2010 it again earlier than then the the papers I could discussing today
It showed where there were actually there was actually cross talk between that adenosine receptor on that monocyte macrophage
And that activated M1 is it's the bad macrophage no matter if you're in cancer or anything else
They're they're they're bad pro inflammatory when they get to M2
That's driving the cancer or driving the neurological disease. And as you've shown here. It's affecting what we call it damage in a distance
Venera, so that's by ATP
Which is appearing and and so when these when ATP and those energy molecules get outside the cells because the cells are dying
They become danger signals
So they tell the immune system to shut down and become immune suppressive
And so it's this cross talk and and and the suppression of these inflammatory cytokines
That that is a problem because an immune suppressed person will develop cancer or progress in cancer because you need the right immunity
And that's what I'm pretty sure that this very poorly cited volume three pain journal from 2010 does not
Actually establish this any of this is fact
But it's really neat that she can explain it as though it does
And that again is exactly how academic biology has been broken
Where you need that stem cell at the very beginning with TGFa to driving that hematopoietic stem cell
Away from the myeloid lineage that is toxic the activated and inflammatory
See she's going all the way back to the first stage to try and tell you that we're already talking about how
Blood cells are generated how their differentiation is is
Is controlled like a plinko machine with different. I mean this is amazing
It is amazing because this is not informing anyone. This is not
Teaching anybody this has nothing to do with protein misfolding nothing to do with vaccines and it's 2018
If you just paid attention to Judy mikovitt since the start of the pandemic you would never know that she didn't work for chd
You would know you would think that she has done lots of streams with like
All the major anti-vaxxers for a very long time and has been on their team for years
Apparently not
Apparently she made her money in other ways apparently she wasn't always an anti-vaccine grifter
If that's what people characterize her as now it's the resting um microglia
Which is doing its job of surveilling and removing toxins
So the next slide shows you just a list of all of the effects
So the plant derived phytocannabinoids are known as dHC as we've discussed it linked
CBD which canabidiols are really the main constituents of
Canab a big girl. I didn't know what that was. What's that?
THC opportunity in most but from sativa and indica these have been traditionally known
To to benefit patients with these various diseases and the canabajera which metabolizes into more
THC
Also again now we understand that's because of its regulation of the amatopoietic stem cell
Having the anti-inflammatory and inflammatory agents so we can use these depending on the concentrations of the drugs
To to actually help anti-psychotics work better. Um, essentially every drug we use
Oh
There it is
We're going to use canabinoids to make every drug we have work better
You just heard it right there. I'm going to play it again. That's the end. That's that's it
That there we solved the problem now. That was pretty easy
Health anti-psychotics work better. Um, essentially every drug we used in in cancer or immune diseases right now
We can just supplement and we can take advantage of synergies
Absolutely take advantage of synergies now we can repurpose all kinds of previously on useless patented drugs
And and confound the effects of those drugs by applying them co-applying them with cannabinoids that stimulate everything
That makes perfect sense. How else were we going to end all
Clinical trials of anything meaningful if we didn't do it like this
And derive
Um, the phytocannabinoids here shown here and and and lessen the actual drug that the therapy that we're using and lessen the off-target or side effects
So lesson that side effects. Do you see it? This is exactly the plan
Cannabis is going to come to the rescue as we change our vaccine schedule over to genetic therapies
It's going to come to the rescue as we as we barrel forward into this era of health public health injury disguised as
21st century acquired immune deficiency syndromes whole
There are so can cannabinoids phytocannabinoids are part of a class of compounds known as terpies
So on this next slide. I show you um, all of the immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory terpies
So this starts to give us some insight starts to give us some insight in the fact that a lot of these terpines that are found in pine are actually
I think probably the least investigated most valuable
Potential organic compounds out there. I actually had a really interesting conversation with a crazy person
When I was at society for neuroscience meeting in new Orleans in 2008
I was walking on the street and some random guy stopped me. He was carrying a gigantic
Walking staff and at the top of the walking staff had a carved
Uh a pinecone
And he insisted that I sit down on this bench and listen to him talk about how pinecone and
The terpines in pine actually were a secret that have been known since the Egyptians
And that's the reason why the papal
the papal
Crucifix has a pinecone on it and why there's pine cones in in Egypt and all sort of stuff and it was crazy how
I mean this dude
Was telling me something like he thought
It was his last chance to tell somebody the truth
Was a very moving presentation that ended with me
Shaking his hand and walking back to my hotel, but it was it's interesting that she brings this up
as to the plants
So one of the things that indica or hemp have the most of is the other terpine known as mercy
And so this is why the indica is thought to be relaxing because the mercy as an essential oil
These could be thought of as essential oils or oils and though they're they help induce sleep and relaxation
Well, the indica strains are very much higher in these additional terpines
And and and they obviously have the smells that you taste with various
Cannabis tinctures and oils other terpines like lemonine linole
Carbofyline the peppery spicy is a is a compound known it interacts with a receptor known as tarpv1
Tarpv1 is a key pain receptor
And the only known natural ligand is the only unknown natural product that binds that is tarpv1 is hot chili peppers
So a lot of the preparation we make with cannabinoids where they're from from cannabis
The the activity of the cannabis could be
modulated more by the terpine and not at all by
The cannabinoids the cbds the cbns or the cbgs
And even thc, so we could think of thinking about the anti-inflammatory terpines and and
Since cannabis is terpines and thinking about how we can formulate and reduce as much as possible to psychoactive effects and yet get
A healing therapeutic. She said that a few times
We have to find a way to get rid of the psychoactive effects of of cannabis while keeping all of these wonderful pharmaceutical effects
Benefit really at almost no cost
So I've talked a lot about the cannabinoids and here's two recent reviews and I think your audience can see
Um, maybe 2015 and 2000 the lead author of this is named bandana
I just thought you'd like that in tenor 11 where there's there's um, these are very long lengthy reviews that give you all kinds of
Agonists that we've used in the lab
Nearly hundreds of respirances to show you what I just talked about briefly here today
How these cannabinoids and how targeting and building the specificity out of the ubiquity getting specificity out of
Everywhere and making it yes, they're everywhere, but can we can we be sure it is?
Using a shall it be a rational or a thoughtful process in using
They're everywhere see i'm starting to see it
I'm starting to feel that there needs to be a huge survey of cannabinoids
I'm starting to feel that there needs to be a huge genetic survey of all plants that produce cannabinoids and terpenes
So that we can understand them and better identify them and maybe even genetically modify them
So we can do it both for cancer and we can do it both for Parkinson's disease and really alleviate the motor neuron symptoms and regenerate
New neurons and replacing those damage neurons. So very much in the literature, not at all
Hypothesis at this point in time and you will see hundreds of references there. That's why I included it
So finally we can just summarize to say that
The endocannabinoid system is the new regulation and neural
I don't know what that sound was all a balance of the brain and the immune system could be thought to be mediated through receptor
crosstalk
Not only with perinergic receptors. I just gave that example because it's key in our therapies today
but also through
The regulation and blocking the toxic effects of aluminum glyphosate and many of the causative agents
An autoimmune and neural new diseases. They're lipid mediators
They exert you know
Pliotropic effects and complex effects on on the immune system and the brain
The endocannabinoids are really the master regulators of the innate and the adaptive immune axis just like
Small conductance calcium activated potassium channels are the master regulators of neuronal function. You see
It's really the same thing
And we used to say it all the time when I was working in college lab that sk channels do everything because they regulate the width of the action potential
therefore
signaling in the brain is
master regulated by sk channels
She's making the exact same kind of statement. It's an academic biological statement that is designed to get grants and funding
And make your little sliver of expertise the most important one
That's why you use words like master regulators
But some reason or another when people use pot for 60 years
That master regulator doesn't seem to go too far off center like I don't I don't
It's really it's really
disingenuous, but it's perfect academic
It's a perfect academic biology presentation given by the perfect academic
What that's that axis between astroglia and t you know t-cells and the monocyte
So we can use these we can we can affect you we can effectively think about them on the orchestrators of immune response
And make these a key therapeutic target and just like we could turn
HIV aids into a disease you could live with we can we can use these combination therapies to
To cure these 21st century acquired immune deficiencies and with that I'll thank you and take question
We can cure these 21st century acquired immune deficiencies
And I think that's a wonderful place to end this you can see it right this is this is
Pre-pandemic biological bamboozlement. This is pre-pandemic confusion
and and misconstruing
understanding with noise
And it is seeding a narrative where many of these 21st century acquired immune deficiency syndromes are expected to increase
And why would that be well? We don't know
But i'm sure endocannabinoids and the sequencing of all the pot in the world and looking at all these different
Compounds and screening them for their ability to synergistically work with other things that we already have patents for and already want to sell you
Would be perfect
I think you can see now why there might be other people that are interested in sequencing the cannabis genome
Um
Why it's not such a trivial thing after all
Hope you can see it ladies and gentlemen. I definitely hope that you can see it
um
It's really important that you can see it
Uh because they are trying very very hard for you not to be able to see it
I'm going to go right back down here and I am going to say it once and
Always as I usually do ladies and gentlemen, they are trying to
Eliminate the control group by any means necessary. I don't know if they transfected my friend at the gym
But I do know that that
Reinforced this idea
Vaccines are something that he couldn't say no to vaccines are something that you can't question and he defended himself as he
Described to me the pain that he's in and I just my heart breaks for these people
And it's only through our work through our
What we're doing these are one of the few ways that we can save these people and so
um
Stop all transfections stop all vaccinations and adults for shit sake
And uh remember that they are trying to eliminate the control group now that they've got him
Now that he's got all sippetal neuropathy
You know they can give him all the shots they want now
Once they transfect your kids
How the hell you gonna know where it comes from
the Crohn's disease
or the allergies
eczema
How are you gonna know where the where it comes from when they get cancer when they're 22 years old
You'll know
Because transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent because RNA
Campendemic and because gosh dang it intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting our
Beautiful immune system is dumb
It's been an independent bright web presentation
Um Star Trek is coming soon as is the wheel
um
Ladies and gentlemen, you can find me at giggle on biological.com deal that bio and stream dot giggle home dot bio also
uh jc on a bike on youtube and on twitter and on twitch
Thanks very much to everybody who subscribes to this channel who subscribes to my sub stack who sent me
letters emails
anything um you're all very very much appreciated by me and my family and
This wouldn't happen without you ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much share this stream
We'll see you tomorrow 1313 is the time we may be switching
We may be switching to 10 10 in the morning for the first show
um
I'm pretty sure i'm going to be switching to 10 10 a.m. In the morning
I hope that's not going to be too much trouble for a lot of people. It's going to be better
A little bit better for me and it will open up the afternoon for possible second shows
um
right now
The the variable show can't be the first one so I can't do it that way
I think I have to shift to the morning
So it's probably going to be 10 10 in the morning next week and the nice thing about 10 10
Is that that's the time that you set your watch to when you want to sell it right? That's the prettiest
Time on an analog clock
So I think it's kind of a fun time to start in 10 10 is is the second cup of coffee
That's also really good and it'll give me time to walk the dog would be and and that kind of thing in the morning
So 10 10 next week. I think the schedule will be changed to reflect that. Um, so don't worry
I won't it won't happen at random and in the meantime this week
It's uh 13 13 for the remainder of the week as far as I can tell and we are working on setting up some people to
Uh join us for an interview over a fire this kind of thing
Um, we have a few people in mind. It's just uh getting this other momentum in the background
Solid and I think we're really close to getting there. So I can't thank everybody enough
Um
I'm pretty convinced that this illusion of consensus is about to break because a lot of people actually do know the truth
And uh, they're going to do something about it soon
Thanks very much ladies and gentlemen and we'll see you tomorrow
You